# UTD_Beehive
Code for EPICS UTD Beehive Project
Our goal is to build a system that can help the UTD Office of Sustainability remotely monitor the beehives in UT Dallas’s on-campus apiaries. We were able to successfully implement a weight monitoring system that sends data to a website to be viewed by the project partner, Dr. Scott Rippel. However, it is in need of refining and troubleshooting. Previously, an attempt was also made to implement a system for measuring humidity, but was quickly set aside after some difficulties. We plan to make the use of power by the microprocessor more efficient, such that it can update the website with as much current information as possible, without overheating. Weight monitoring holds the most importance to the project partner, which requires us to determine a sufficient and sustainable power source for the microprocessor. We hope that by the end of the semester, we have a weight monitoring system that is efficient and functions as intended. On top of this, we’d like to begin the implementation of temperature sensors to send additional updates to the website. If time allows, we’d also like to build up the current humidity monitoring system. Furthermore, we need to ensure that all sensors have been waterproofed and weatherproofed, like the current prototype; thus, we just need to make sure that any changes continue to be impervious to the elements. Finally, we need to scale the monitoring system to connect multiple beehives to the website so that the entire apiary can be monitored remotely.
